[skip vbump] patch release 0.15.1 (#1109)
insightsengineering/teal: NEWS.md

# teal 0.15.1

### Bug fixes

> * Fixed a bug that stopped the `module_specific` feature from working when a teal module has more than one `datanames`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug that stopped the `module_specific` feature when a `teal` module specified `datanames` of length more than 1.
```

### Miscellaneous

> * Update links in vignettes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated links in vignettes
```
